add a11y concern and aria-label note (#25587)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/accessibility/aria/roles/tooltip_role/index.md

Though a tooltip may appear and disappear, as its appearance is automatic and not intentionally controlled by the user, the [`aria-expanded`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Attributes/aria-expanded) role is not supported.

> The accessible name of a tooltip can come from the contents. While, in theory, they could come from an [`aria-label`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Attributes/aria-label) or [`aria-labelledby`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Attributes/aria-labelledby), these are only supported on interactive elements.

Author: ```suggestion
The accessible name of a tooltip can come from the contents. While, in theory, they could come from an [`aria-label`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Attributes/aria-label) or [`aria-labelledby`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Attributes/aria-labelledby), these are mostly well supported on interactive elements and landmarks.
```

> The accessible name of a tooltip can comes from the contents. While, in theory, they could come from an [`aria-label`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Attributes/aria-label) or [`aria-labelledby`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Attributes/aria-labelledby), these are only supported on interactive elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The accessible name of a tooltip can come from the contents. While, in theory, they could come from an [`aria-label`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Attributes/aria-label) or [`aria-labelledby`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Attributes/aria-labelledby), these are only supported on interactive elements.
```

Reviewer 2: the "these are only supported on interactive elements" part of this add is not true.  yes, these attributes have consistently good support on interactive elements.  but also, they have great support on non-interactive elements such as main, article, section, aside, etc.

this should say that tooltips can either receive their name from their contents, or from being given an accessible name via aria-label or aria-labelledby. However, for most use cases it would not be recommended to provide a tooltip an accessible name via ARIA labelling attributes. the reason for this is because tooltips are generally meant to be associated with the element they provide additional information for via an aria-describedby link with the primary element.  If the tooltip has an explicit accessible name, then _that_ will be what is exposed as the primary element's description and **not** the contents of the tooltip. The tooltip content then may never be discovered by a screen reader user, as tooltips are commonly not expected to be directly interacted with.

> The accessible name of a tooltip can come from the contents. While, in theory, they could come from an [`aria-label`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Attributes/aria-label) or [`aria-labelledby`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Attributes/aria-labelledby), these are mostly well supported on interactive elements and landmarks.

Author: ```suggestion
The accessible name of a tooltip can come from the contents. While, in theory, they could come from an [`aria-label`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Attributes/aria-label) or [`aria-labelledby`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Attributes/aria-labelledby), in most cases, using ARIA properties to provide a tooltip with an accessible name is not recommended. 

Tooltips provide additional information, generally with no direct interaction on the tooltip itself. They are generally associated with the content they're defining via an [`aria-describedby`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Attributes/aria-describedby) with the `id` of the primary element. Therefore, if the tooltip has an accessible name explicitly set, that name is exposed as the primary element's description rather than the contents of the tooltip, meaning the tooltip contents may never be discovered by a screen reader user.
```

Though a tooltip may appear and disappear, as its appearance is automatic and not intentionally controlled by the user, the [`aria-expanded`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Attributes/aria-expanded) role is not supported.

> The accessible name of a tooltip can come from the contents. While, in theory, they could come from an [`aria-label`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Attributes/aria-label) or [`aria-labelledby`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Attributes/aria-labelledby), in most cases, using ARIA properties to provide a tooltip with an accessible name is not recommended. 

Author: ```suggestion
The accessible name of a tooltip can come from the contents. While, in theory, they could come from an [`aria-label`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Attributes/aria-label) or [`aria-labelledby`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Attributes/aria-labelledby), in most cases, using ARIA properties to provide a tooltip with an accessible name is not recommended.
```

If the information is important enough for a tooltip, isn't it important enough to always be visible?

> As content which appears on hover can be difficult or impossible to perceive if a user is required to keep their mouse pointer over the trigger, [WCAG 1.4.13](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/Understanding_WCAG/Perceivable#guideline_1.4_make_it_easier_for_users_to_see_and_hear_content_including_separating_foreground_from_background) states that content mad visible should be persistent, meaning it should does not disappear without user action. Tooltips fail this criteria

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As content which appears on hover can be difficult or impossible to perceive if a user is required to keep their mouse pointer over the trigger, [WCAG 1.4.13](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/Understanding_WCAG/Perceivable#guideline_1.4_make_it_easier_for_users_to_see_and_hear_content_including_separating_foreground_from_background) states that content made visible should be persistent, meaning it should does not disappear without user action. Tooltips fail this criterion.
```

Reviewer 2: also need to fix "it should does not disappear"

"it should not disappear"
